Our task involved finding a way to control Digit directly through the Agility Robotics in-built interface, and testing it on the simulator. For this, we had to use JSON commands that would be written into the interface and could be sent either to the simulator for testing purposes or the Digit hardware itself, replicating motions such as extending or retracting its arms, raising its arms, or rotating a certain number of degrees. We created a Python program to store various JSON commands for these purposes. This program takes a command as an input and outputs the JSON code related to the inputted command to the AR interface via a Python library called agility. For instance, typing 'reach_comm' would send the code for extending the arm. Based on the given address, this action would either be performed on the simulator in the AR interface or on the actual robot itself. This was coded for commencement purposes where the robot can reach out to grab a diploma, rotate, and extend its arms to award it to a student. We've learnt how to code these JSON commands, how to work them with Digit, and how to interact with the AR software itself.

Our next steps include shifting the JSON commands to a file for the Python program to read from rather than storing them in the Python program itself, and adding features that won't allow certain commands to happen before others. For instance, retracting arms cannot happen before extending them outwards. Also, we plan on shifting the reference frame from a global perspective to a local one, so that commands such as rotate can happen from Digit's current perspective rather than one it booted up in. 
